Add Ecovacs self-hosted note (#31162)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ecovacs.markdown

Additional note: There are some issues during the password encoding. Using some special characters (e.g., `-`) in your password does not work.

> With `advanced_mode` enabled, users can use their self-hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self-hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. More information can be found on the [Bumper's documentation](https://bumper.readthedocs.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `advanced_mode` enabled, users can use their self-hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self-hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. More information can be found in the [Bumper's documentation](https://bumper.readthedocs.io).
```

> With `advanced_mode` enabled, the user can choose to use their self hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. More information can be found on the [Bumper's documentation](https://bumper.readthedocs.io)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `advanced_mode` enabled, users can use their self-hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self-hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. More information can be found on the [Bumper's documentation](https://bumper.readthedocs.io).
```
